[MUSIC PLAYING]
I was a short order cook.
I got fired from that.
I was a baker's helper.
Got fired from that.
Jerry and I, we were
failing at most everything
else we were trying.
And we decided to
go into business,
and the only thing we
liked doing was eating.
I think we've got
possibilities here.
I like this combination.
You have a great business
when the goal of the business
is to meet the
need, is to create
the product, not to make money.
You make money as a
byproduct of meeting a need,
and doing a great job of it.
What?
Am I still dripping?
ASSISTANT: There you go.
You know, I'm a professional.
I'm an executive.
It's important to
keep your image up.
[SINGING]
A handmade hat is much better
than a mass-produced hat,
because it's like
maintaining an art.
I think hats are just my way
of speaking to the world.
Anything'll hold
you up off the floor.
But a really good chair--
it feels good to look at,
it feels good to sit in.
And it feels good to
be a part of something
that you believe in.
For me, that's worth a lot
more than the pay I get.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
WINEMAKER: Every once in while,
you get this time in your life
that's sealed,
signed, and delivered.
And it'll be there forever.
And one of those times for
me was when I was probably
in third or fourth grade.
And I asked my mom for
money, and she had no money.
And that broke my heart,
and I never asked her again,
and I went to work.
And that's how I got
to where I am today.
I started working,
and I never stopped.
I love growing grapes.
I'm pretty good at it, and
I'm getting better every year.
It's a matter of frustration.
It's a matter of patience.
And you can't learn how to
grow grapes in 25 or 30 years--
I think it takes a lifetime.
Every year, the whole
thing starts over again.
And we're powerless to create
spring or summer or fall.
And that's pretty amazing.
So maybe that's what
living out in the country,
and living on a ranch
like this does to a guy.
It just puts you in the
middle of God's glory.
One of the first miracles,
if you believe in God,
was where Jesus
was at a wedding,
and he turned the
water into wine.
And that, to me, is pretty neat.
Why was that his first choice?
It's because he liked
to drink, just like me.
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah.
That's very good.
I think finding your passion
in life is important,
and I'm lucky enough
to have found that.
I started out just drinking a
lot of beer and chasing women.
I don't think you
have a plan for it.
I think it just happens.
And I think for me, I
believe it's in the vineyard.
That's what got me
started, and that's
where I'd like to end up.
I want to die in a vineyard,
working the grapes.
That's my retirement plan.
[MUSIC PLAYING]